Update visual-testing.mdx with breaking lines (#5296)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/tooling/visual-testing.mdx

:::tip

> <!-- prettier-ignoring because prettier forces <a> tag into a new line -->
> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> &nbsp;<Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> **Best Practice:**
> Use <a href="/api/commands/fixture">cy.fixture()</a> and network mocking to set
> the application state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;<Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> **Best Practice:** Use
[cy.fixture()](/api/commands/fixture) and network mocking to set the application state.
```

:::tip

> <!-- prettier-ignoring because prettier forces <a> tag into a new line -->
> <!-- prettier-ignore -->
> &nbsp;<Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> **Best Practice:** 
> Use <a href="/plugins">Component Testing plugins</a> to test the individual
> components functionality in addition to end-to-end and visual tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;<Icon name="check-circle" color="green" /> **Best Practice:** Use
[Component Testing](/guides/component-testing/overview) to test the individual components
functionality in addition to end-to-end and visual tests.
```
